c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\studman.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\studman.pdb
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\obj\Debug\studman.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\obj\Debug\studman.pdb
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Web.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Web.Routing.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\obj\Debug\studman.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Configuration.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Data.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Data.Entity.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Drawing.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.EnterpriseServices.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Security.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Web.ApplicationServices.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Web.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Web.DynamicData.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Web.Entity.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Web.Extensions.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Web.Services.dll
c:\users\leancer\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\studman\studman\bin\System.Xml.dll
